[15169] Added Conditions C++ API reference. (#383)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/waitsets/waitsets.rst

This mechanism is wait-based. Its general use pattern is as follows:

* The application indicates which relevant information it wants to get, by means of :ref:`api_pim_condition`
  objects (:ref:`api_pim_guardcondition`, :ref:`api_pim_statuscondition`, or ReadCondition)

>   and attaching them to a :ref:`api_pim_waitset`.

Reviewer: Maybe we can include a reference to the API: `WaitSet::attach_condition`. Also, I suggest including the `WaitSet::detach_condition` API to let the user know that a condition can be detached when it is no longer of interest.

* It then waits on that :ref:`api_pim_waitset` until the trigger value of one or several :ref:`api_pim_condition`

>   objects become true.

Reviewer: Again, a reference to `WaitSet::wait` API could be helpful.

> * It then uses the result of the wait (i.e., the list of :ref:`api_pim_condition` objects with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It then uses the result of the wait (i.e., the list of :ref:`api_pim_condition` objects obtained using `WaitSet::get_conditions` with
```

Again a reference to the API linked with the API reference would be helpful

  trigger_value == true) to actually get the information by calling:

>   * |StatusCondition::get_status_changed-api| and then get_<communication_status> on the relevant Entity, when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * |Entity::get_status_changes-api| and then get_<communication_status> on the relevant Entity, when the
```

This suggestion applies also below.

>     condition is a StatusCondition and the status changes refer to plain communication status.

Reviewer: I think this is not completely clear. I suggest mentioning that the changed statuses returned by the `Entity::get_status_changes` API can be queried with `StatusMask::is_active`. A link to the previous section [Status](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/dds_layer/core/status/status.html) would be helpful.

  * |StatusCondition::get_status_changed-api| and then get_datareaders on the relevant Subscriber, when the condition is a
    StatusCondition and the status changes refer to DataOnReaders.

>   * |StatusCondition::get_status_changed-api| and then read/take on the relevant DataReader, when the condition is a

Reviewer: I suggest linking read/take to the API reference `DataReader::read`/`DataReader::take`.

    StatusCondition and the status changes refer to DataAvailable.

>   * Directly read_w_condition/take_w_condition on the DataReader with the :ref:`api_pim_condition` as a parameter,

Reviewer: I suggest linking to the DataReader API reference `read_w_condition` and `take_w_condition`

>     when it is a ReadCondition

Reviewer: ReadCondition is being included for this release. Maybe we can use this PR to introduce that API as well.

Author: Added the ReadCondition API.

* It then uses the result of the |WaitSet::wait-api| (i.e., the list of :ref:`api_pim_condition` objects with
  trigger_value == true) to actually get the information by calling:

  * |Entity::get_status_changes-api|, then checking if any of the changes is relevant using the |StatusMask::is_active-api|
    method on the result and finally calling get_<communication_status> on the relevant Entity, when the condition is a StatusCondition and the status changes refer to plain communication status.
    Refer to :ref:`dds_layer_core_status` for additional information on the different statuses that can be queried.
  * |Entity::get_status_changes-api| and then get_datareaders on the relevant Subscriber, when the condition is a
    StatusCondition and the status changes refer to DataOnReaders.
  * |Entity::get_status_changes-api| and then |DataReader::read-api|/|DataReader::take-api| on the relevant DataReader, when the condition is a
    StatusCondition and the status changes refer to DataAvailable.
  * Directly |DataReader::read_w_condition-api|/|DataReader::take_w_condition-api| on the DataReader with the :ref:`api_pim_condition` as a parameter,

>     when it is a ReadCondition

Reviewer: I am still not understanding clearly these points. I suppose the best is to talk with @MiguelCompany which was the original writer. As far as I understand, he is trying to explain that there are different kinds of statuses being notified (even though this classification is no where to be found as far as I know). In general the active statuses are queried using the `is_active` API. Then, depending on the status, the operation may vary. For example, if [`DataOnReaders`](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/dds_layer/core/status/status.html#dds-layer-core-status-dataonreaders) is active then the second bullet point applies. If the active status is [`DataAvailable`](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/dds_layer/core/status/status.html#dataavailable), then the third bullet point applies. The first bullet point is not clear and I do not understand what it is trying to explain. Finally, the fourth bullet point refers to the `read_w_condition`/`take_w_condition` which is not dependent on the Statuses as far as I know.

I think this part needs to be clearer and maybe some subsections could be included to clarify each possible case.

Reviewer: In a follow-up PR this section is going to be reworked

   :end-before: //!
   :dedent: 4

Calling the |WaitSet::wait-api| operation on the :ref:`api_pim_waitset` will block the calling thread
if the trigger value of all the conditions attached to it are false.

> The thread will wake up, and the |WaitSet::wait-api| operation will return OK, whenever the trigger value of any

Reviewer: I suggest using `RETCODE_OK` even though the return codes are not still in the API reference. It is also what is shown in the example. This will probably allow us to remove the ok word from the spelling (and maybe RETCODE_OK would be needed).

triggered before, will see their trigger value changed to false.
Note that this does not guarantee that WaitSet objects that were separately attached to those
conditions will not be woken up.
Once we have trigger_value == true on a condition, it may wake up the attached :ref:`api_pim_waitset`.
The condition transitioning to trigger_value == false does not necessarily ‘unwakeup’ the :ref:`api_pim_waitset`,
as ‘unwakening’ may not be possible in general.
The consequence is that an application blocked on a :ref:`api_pim_waitset` may return from the wait with a list
of conditions, some of which are no longer triggered.
This is unavoidable if multiple threads are concurrently waiting on separate :ref:`api_pim_waitset` objects and
taking data associated with the same DataReader entity.

> 

Reviewer: I think we are missing the possibility of the user directly triggering a GuardCondition, for example, to indicate the terminate condition. `GuardCondition::set_trigger_value`

as ‘unwakening’ may not be possible in general.
The consequence is that an application blocked on a :ref:`api_pim_waitset` may return from the wait with a list
of conditions, some of which are no longer triggered.

> This also may be the consequence of user actions. A user manually calling |GuardCondition::set_trigger_value-api|

Reviewer: Break line after `.`
